sym.imp.exit=i status
sym.imp.strcmp=SS s1 s2
sym.imp.strncmp=SSi s1 s2 size
sym.imp.setlocale=iS category locale
sym.imp.bindtextdomain=SS domainname dirname
sym.imp.textdomain=S domainname
sym.imp.memcpy=ppi dest src size
sym.imp.memcmp=ppi s1 s2 size
sym.imp.malloc=i size
sym.imp.realloc=pi ptr size
sym.imp.calloc=pi ptr size
sym.imp.free=p ptr
sym.imp.strcpy=SS dest src
sym.imp.strncpy=SSi dest src size
sym.imp.strcat=SS dest src
sym.imp.strncat=SSi dest src size
sym.imp.execve=S*S*S filename argv envp
sym.imp.execv=S*S path argv
sym.imp.execvp=S*S file argv
sym.imp.execvpe=S*S*S file argv envp
sym.imp.getenv=z var
sym.imp.strlen=z var
sym.imp.fputs_unlocked=pz fd var
sym.imp.fwrite=pddp ptr sz nm fd
sym.imp.fwrite_unlocked=pddp ptr sz nm fd
